[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Welcome, everyone.
There are three things I want
to talk with you about today.
First, as predicted
by ancient prophecy,
the light of the center of our
galaxy called Sion is rising.
It's delivering a hidden
vibration or power to Earth.
They who bathe in these energies
are called the Anointed.
The Anointed are fearless
ones who grab this energy
and light up their souls,
not for service to themselves
but for service to all.
The third thing is,
there's a tribe of beings
that comes from the
center of the galaxy,
and according to
these prophecies
they will be returning in
the period from 2012 on.
I want to open with
a quote from Dr. Carl
Sagan from his presentation
Cosmos from back in 1976,
in which he said, "The
surface of the earth
is the shore of
the cosmic ocean."
I love that quote for the
word picture that it painted,
because it told us
that back then we
were preparing to step
out into the galaxy.
And when we did, we looked back,
and for the first time ever
we saw our planet from space.
This photograph called Earthrise
was published on Christmas
of 1968, and with it came
in extraordinary message
for humankind.
As people looked at this, it
touched their hearts deeply
because they realized
we're all one race.
There are no lines
separating people here.
This photograph inspired
the environmental movement,
who used it with slogans
that said love your mother,
because we began to recognize
that our home planet was
in fact a living being,
an organic being,
and that we had to
take care of her.
Well, since then a new
image has been introduced
into human consciousness that
is also having a tremendously
expansive effect,
and that's the image
of our Milky Way
galaxy from afar.
If we could step outside
our galaxy and look back
we would see it as this
magnificent cosmic disk.
And what's happening
now is that we're
beginning to recognize
that we are part
of this great cosmic
organism the Milky Way,
and that we're
connected to what must
be a vast number
of civilizations
that are out there.
Secondly, we're beginning
to orient ourselves
towards the center of
our Milky Way galaxy,
and we're beginning
to now follow
a trail into the galaxies
itself, into the universe.
We're seeing photographs
such as this of the galaxy
Andromeda, our nearby
neighbor, and also of Pegasus,
and we're beginning to wonder
just how many civilizations
there might be out there
in the known universe.
NASA tells us there might be
as many as 450 billion galaxies
similar to our own in
the known universe,
and then they tell
us there might
be multiple universes out there.
We're entered into a realm of
extraordinary possibility here.
And what I'm going to
ask you to consider
is that the ancients might
have known quite a bit
about the Milky Way, and they
left us a trail to follow.
For example, when you
go to the temple of Isis
at Sais in Egypt, it
says "I am all that is,
all that hath been, and
all that will forever be;
and my veil no moral
hath drawn aside."
If in fact we're talking
about the Milky Way here,
then this is literally
a true statement,
because until now the center
of our Milky Way galaxy
has literally been
obscured from us.
Now with the invention
of telescopes, and radio
telescopes, and
infrared telescopes,
we're able to peer beyond
the veil of the galaxy
and look into the
galactic center.
And what science is showing us
is absolutely extraordinary.
Here's a selection
of images from NASA
and other space observatory's
that are showing us
what the center of
our galaxy looks like.
As we look at these
images, I'd like
you to pay close attention
to the colors that
are used to symbolize
the center of the galaxy.
High purples,
pinks, and fuchsias.
These are the colors
of the divine feminine.
And based on what
the ancients said,
our galaxy is in fact
feminine in nature.
She is the great cosmic mother.
So it makes perfect
sense for them
to pick these color schemes.
This is an artist's conception
of the Arches star cluster
at the center of our
Milky Way galaxy.
What's fascinating about this
is that the ancients said
that the center of the galaxy
was not only a star nursery,
it was also perhaps
a soul nursery.
So what in fact we
could be looking at here
is not the creation
of stars, but actually
the creation of souls.
This is remarkable, because
in the Gnostic tradition,
the Enlightenment
tradition of the past,
they tell us that we all have a
divine spark within us, a seed
atom, a tiny piece, a spark of
the original great fire that
once existed at the
center of the galaxy.
In fact, it is this divine spark
that creates our human body
as a vehicle for exploration.
What they further
tell us is that there
is a part of ourselves,
our divine self, in fact,
that still dwells in the
center of the galaxy, that
still dwells in Sion.
This wonderful painting
is by an American artist
named Thomas Cole, that shows
a baby soul on the boat of time
emerging from some center place.
Along for the ride is an angelic
being, a bright white being
of light that actually
represents this soul's higher
self.
There are different names
for this higher self.
It's called the heavenly twin,
the angelic spirit, the guide
of flight, the guide of
the soul, the man of light,
the perfect nature,
and the divine spark.
What the Gnostics teach
is that we-- many of us--
have forgotten about our
heavenly twin, our divine self,
and that we need to remember
this aspect of ourselves,
because it is the
part of ourselves that
seeks to enlighten us and to
return us to the light of Sion.
I was once in Florida giving
a presentation about this
and I asked the audience
if they have ever
connected with
their higher self,
and if so how do they know
when they make that connection.
And I'll never forget
one woman's answer.
She said, that in
times of crisis,
in times of fear, times of
uncertainty, I hear this voice
and it always asked
me the same question,
what would you do if
you weren't afraid?
And that to me is the
message of the light of Sion.
It's asking us to
overcome our fear
and to connect with
that higher self
and to operate from that
higher, finer place.
Now is the time
for us to do this.
According to the
Mayans, we are entering
into a very special
time of prophecy.
For at sunrise on
December 21, 2012
for the first time
in 26,000 years,
our sun rises to conjunct the
intersection of the Milky Way
and the plane of the ecliptic.
This cosmic cross,
as they call it,
is considered to be the
embodiment of the sacred tree,
the tree of life, which
is a tree remembered
in all the world's
spiritual traditions.
Some observers
say this alignment
with the heart of
our galaxy, Sion,
will open a channel
for cosmic energy
to flow through the Earth,
cleansing it and all
that dwells upon it, raising all
to a higher level of vibration,
transforming us into
righteous beings.
This is the gospel of 2012,
the good news of 2012.
But the thing about it
is that NASA has actually
discovered an energy source
at the center of our Milky Way
galaxy.
In November 2010, NASA
published this amazing image
of 26,000 light year tall
plumes of energy coming
from the center of
our Milky Way galaxy.
And the thing is,
NASA really doesn't
know what caused this
massive plume of energy
to suddenly be detected.
Was it the result
of a star formation
at the center of the galaxy?
Or, was it the
result of a expulsion
of energy from the black hole
at the center of our galaxy?
The thing is,
scientists don't know.
They're baffled by this image.
But when we look back
into the ancient record,
we find clues for
what might actually
be the nature of this energy.
For example, the
ancient Israelites
followed a pillar of fire
by day and a pillar of fire
by night as they were
wandering in the wilderness.
Is it possible that what
NASA has discovered for us
here is this pillar of
fire by day and pillar
of fire by night?
Are we sinking once again
with the center of the galaxy?
Are we aligning our
consciousness the way
the ancients said
that they had done?
And will this be
the motivating force
that begins to transform
us as a species?
I believe so.
And I believe that images
such as this from NASA
are proving what
the ancients knew
about the center of the
galaxy, and it's time
now for us to put away our fear,
to overcome our limitations,
and to become the
true humans that we
know that we can become.
In 1896, a remarkable
document was
discovered in Egypt called
the Apocryphon of John,
or the secret Book of John.
It purports to contain the
secret teachings of Jesus that
were given to one of his
disciples named John.
In the story, John had
been at the Temple,
and he had a
confrontation with one
of the temple elders, who said
that Jesus had been misleading
him and that John needs to
come back into the Temple fold.
John goes out into
the desert and he
has a bit of a confused moment
where he's saying, well,
I'm not really sure
about who Jesus really
was, where he came
from, and what
he meant about all
this eternal life
business that he
was talking about.
Suddenly, the heavens
opened up, a beam of light
manifested, and from out of this
beam of light appears Jesus.
Jesus tells to John, I have
come to teach you about what is,
and what was, and what
will be, in order for you
to understand the
invisible world,
and the world that is visible,
and the immovable race
of perfect humanity.
So here Jesus
seems to be talking
about a separate race
of human beings referred
to as the perfect humans.
Could these be the
same light beings
that the Tibetans have
described and other traditions
have described as well?
I believe that that's
what he's talking about.
He goes on to say to
John, raise your head.
Understand my lessons.
Share them with any others who
have received the spirit who
are from the immovable
race of perfect humanity.
So once again, we
are asked to believe
that there is this
separate race of humankind.
Ascended humans
who have achieved
the next level of manifestation.
Another figure who had
an encounter with Jesus
as a perfect being is
Saint Francis of Assisi.
Francis was a mystic who
focused on and meditated
on the deep love of God.
And in a moment
of ecstasy, Jesus
manifested to him
as a perfect being.
And actually the artist
Giotto-- the Italian artist--
portrayed Jesus as a seraphim.
This is based on
Francis' encounter--
his description
of his encounter--
where he said Jesus manifested
before him as a seraph.
What is extraordinary about
these depictions of Jesus
appearing as a seraph
to Saint Francis
is that the name
Quetzalcoatl means
winged serpent or
feathered serpent.
That is exactly the
definition of the seraphs
in Judeo-Christian tradition.
They are the fiery serpents
or winged serpents.
Are we here seeing
Jesus manifesting
as one of the members of this
tribe of beings, of the seraphs
of the perfected light humans.
I believe that's exactly
what we're seeing.
This is a painting by a
Franciscan of the crucifixion
in which Jesus is
being transformed
into one of these seraph angels.
Francis is portrayed levitating.
In fact, this whole painting
portrays this extraordinary kit
of esoteric teachings
about humankind
and how we can be transformed
into perfect light humans.
Following the trail
of Saint Francis
leads us into this
extraordinary mystic teaching.
Clearly, we are being told that
Sion, the center of the galaxy,
is a realm beyond
the physical realm,
and that it is inhabited
by higher dimensional
beings, actually transformed
or ascended humans.
Clearly, we are being
told Sion is inhabited
by otherworldly
beings, the seraphs,
the perfect light humans.
They are ascended humans,
transformed humans.
And what we are being asked
to do is to put away our fear,
to raise our vibration, to
connect with these beings,
and in fact to become them.
That is the
extraordinary potential
that is within each
and every one of us,
and as the Mayans are telling
us, the period from 2012
on is the era in
which we will see
the manifestation
of these beings.
But the Gnostic Christians
have the same message for us,
telling us that we must
become perfect before leaving
this world.
We must become whole,
holy, complete.
We must achieve this next
level of human manifestation,
the perfect light human.
Jesus talks about perfection
in an incredible meeting
with the rich man, when he
says, I tell you the truth,
it's hard for a rich man to
enter the Kingdom of Heaven.
Again I tell you, it's
easier for a camel
to go through the
eye of the needle
than for a rich man to
enter the Kingdom of God.
I believe that when
Jesus is talking
about the eye of the
needle he's talking
about opening the eye or
the mouth of the wormhole.
And what he's telling
us is that in order
to enter the eye
of the needle, we
are going to have to disembark
from or unload all of the stuff
that we're carrying
around in this world.
What had happened in this story
is that the rich man had asked
Jesus, what is required
for eternal life?
Jesus' response was,
follow the commandments.
The commandments are
love with all your heart,
all your mind, all your soul.
This is the first and
greatest commandment.
And the second is like unto it.
Love your neighbor as yourself.
All the law and the prophets
hang on these two commandments.
The rich man came
back to Jesus and said
that he had always followed
those commandments.
I doubt Jesus believed
him, but then he
told him, if thou wilt be
perfect, meaning whole, holy,
and complete, go and
sell what you have.
Give it to the poor, and thou
shalt have treasure in Heaven
and come and follow me.
To me, this is Jesus
telling him that in order
to enter the Kingdom of God,
Sion, the center of the galaxy,
we are going to have to
become perfect light humans.
We are going to have to
achieve the rainbow body.
So who are these higher
vibrational or angelic beings
that dwell at the throne of God
at the center of the Milky Way
galaxy, and who
travel back and forth
from that galactic center?
Well, the answer in
Judeo-Christian tradition
is it's the seraphim.
These are the highest
order of angels.
As they were developed in
Judeo-Christian tradition,
they are considered to
be beings of pure light
and pure love who dwell
at the throne of God
and constantly sing holy chants.
But as we see in history, they
are constantly coming and going
from the center of
the Milky Way galaxy,
influencing human affairs.
During the Renaissance
there was a belief
that these beings were actually
ascended human beings, humans
who had connected with
the love of the creator
and focused so deeply
on the love of God
that they were transformed
into these angelic beings,
the brightest angels
of all, the seraphim.
In Judeo-Christian art you can
always identify the seraphim
because they have these
vortex shaped bodies
with six wings and human faces.
They are portrayed as
half human and half bird.
And what we see are
seraphim portrayed
as some of the most
extraordinary beings
of all angelic literature
and iconography.
When we go back into the
Bible we get more information
about these beings at
the galactic center.
Our arrival at
Sion on, according
to the book of Hebrews,
marks our acceptance
into an innumerable
company of angels
and just humans made perfect.
The word just means upright,
righteous, and balanced.
The word humans,
of course, refers
to a member of the
species Homo sapiens,
not animal, divine, or machine.
Made means shaped or formed.
And the word perfect means
whole, holy, compassionate.
So these beings who dwell
at the center of the galaxy
are just humans made perfect.
They are the next
level of humanity.
They are the beings we are
in the process of becoming
and are in fact
striving to become.
And in fact they
are looking for us.
They are looking for us to
raise our awareness about them
and to begin to match
their level of frequency
or vibration.
Something that is
highly interesting to me
is the correspondence between
the seraphim, the just humans
made perfect, and
the Tibetan tradition
called the great perfection.
In the Tibetan tradition
of the great perfection,
they believe that
the human body can
be transformed into a next
level of vibration which
they call the rainbow body.
In this tradition, they tell
us that through changing
the vibration of
their body the yogini
can dissolve their subtle
essences, the body's
subtle energy, and
ultimately manifest as five
colored rainbow light,
leaving behind only hair, toe,
and fingernails, which have
no nerves to be transmuted.
Then they literally glow rays.
They become these glowing beings
with rainbow colored bodies.
So over and again in
Tibetan tradition,
when we see these depictions
of the rainbow body beings,
they have these
multicolor bodies
that appear to be
sort of like vortexes.
We see these swirling energy
patterns around their body
that are actually counter
rotating energy fields.
This is very fascinating
to us, because when
we compare the Judeo-Christian
images of the seraphim
with their vortex shaped bodies
with the Tibetan depictions
of the beings who've
achieved the rainbow body,
we have a near perfect match.
I like to tell the story
about how I became interested
in the whole concept
of the rainbow body.
I was at a conference in
California several years ago,
and a lovely couple came
up to me during the event
and said that they were
great fans of my work,
and they studied my
work extensively.
In addition, they both had
PhDs from the Harvard Divinity
School.
They studied with
the Dalai Lama.
They knew the Dalai Lama.
They had lived in India,
and translate Tibetan texts,
specifically those relating
to the rainbow body.
And they asked me if I had
any awareness or understanding
of that.
And I said no, I didn't.
And they told me essentially
what I've just told you,
that the Tibetans believe
that the human body can
be spun into a vortex of energy
that ultimately manifests
as five colored rainbow
light or the rainbow body.
And what the Tibetans teach is
that once these Lamas or yogis
have achieved the rainbow
body, that they are then
able to travel to an additional
13 star systems, including
our own, where this rainbow
body teaching is taught.
And what they always wondered
was how did they get there?
Once they've achieved
the rainbow body
and can travel to
these star systems,
how do they travel there?
And they told me that they were
watching my presentation Star
Walkers and the
Dimension of the Blessed,
and they got their answer.
What I had discussed
in Star Walkers
was the ancient Egyptians
belief in the eternal being.
The beings that the
Egyptians portray
on the ceilings--
for example, here
at the temple of
Hathor at Dendera,
the temple of love and joy--
show the ascended Egyptian gods
and pharaohs
traveling for eternity
on board what they called
their ships of eternity,
or the ark of the
millions of years.
And when I first
started studying
the ark of the millions of
years and the Egyptian belief
in eternity, I was
immediately struck
by something extraordinary.
That is the way the
ancient Egyptians portrayed
the ship of eternity in
there artwork precisely
matches the way modern
science portrays a wormhole.
And when you do a A to B
comparison of the Egyptian ark
of the millions of years
or ship of eternity
with the modern scientific
drawing of the wormhole,
they're a perfect match.
And what this suggested to me
is that the Egyptians are saying
is that their descended
beings, their god beings,
who they said we're light
beings who traveled the stars,
were traveling the stars
through stargates and wormholes.
When this couple who were
experts in the rainbow body
saw this, they immediately
got their answer
for how the Tibetan Lamas
who've achieved the rainbow body
travel to these
other star systems.
They open a wormhole.
Or perhaps they travel
to these star systems
through the naturally
occurring wormholes
that modern science now tells us
actually permeates our galaxy.
Either way, I
believe we're talking
about a perfect match
between the Tibetan
and the ancient Egyptian
tradition of beings
who transform themselves
into beings of light
and travel these
wormholes for eternity.
I took this work
one step forward
by comparing the
Christian tradition
with the Egyptian
tradition of Jesus
traveling into the underworld.
When we look at the
Egyptian gods traveling
on the ship of eternity,
they're actually
descending in what they call the
netherworld or the underworld.
We see Jesus descending into
a netherworld or underworld
in between crucifixion
and Resurrection.
And in Christian art
that portrays this,
we always see the same thing.
We see Jesus in front of an
Open gateway composed
of concentric rings
that's filled with stars.
And the question I pose
is could this in fact
be a representation
of a stargate
or a wormhole, an
interdimensional transportation
system?
When Jesus descends
into the underworld,
is he actually opening
a stargate or a wormhole
and traveling into another
realm to retrieve the souls who
are dwelling there as
Christian tradition teaches?
I believe that this is
exactly what's happening.
And I furthermore believe that
the source for this imagery
is in fact the ancient Egyptian
tradition, because when we see
Jesus as we see him here in
the opening of this gateway,
he could well be in the opening
of the mouth of the wormhole,
and he is exactly the same as
Osiris, the resurrected god
of ancient Egypt,
shown here traveling
aboard his ark of the millions
of years or ship of eternity.
They're a perfect match.
The Book of Acts tells
us that Jesus ascended.
It's one of the shortest
stories in the Bible.
They don't tell us
exactly how he ascended,
but Christian artwork
informs us about how
it's believed this
actually occurred.
The Book of Acts says
that Jesus was taken up
before the disciples' very
eyes and a cloud hid him
from their sight.
The disciples were looking
intently up into the sky
as he was going, when suddenly
two men dressed in white stood
beside them.
Men of Galilee, they
said, why do you
stand here looking into the sky?
This same Jesus who has been
taken from you into Heaven
will come back in
the same way you
have seen him go into Heaven.
How does Christian are portray
Jesus ascending into Heaven?
They show him aboard
a ring composed
of concentric rings that is held
aloft by angels, a winged ring.
When I compare this artwork
with the way modern science
portrays a wormhole, it
opens up the speculation
that what we're talking
about is Jesus ascending
into the heavens in a
wormwhole or a stargate.
And the Book of Acts
tells us that he
will return the same way.
Remember what the Mayans
said about Quetzalcoatl.
He will return to Earth riding
upon a serpent rope that
also could be a wormhole.
Are we talking here about
an ancient sacred tradition
of these higher vibrational
beings, super human beings
if you will, that have a
capability of traveling
the stars through
stargates and wormholes?
I believe that's exactly
what is going on.
And we are now at a level
of technological and perhaps
spiritual sophistication
where we can readily
interpret exactly what is
going on in this artwork
and fully understand
what is happening here.
We are talking about a race
of beings who have the ability
to transform themselves
into beings of light
and travel from Earth to
the center of the galaxy
and return through
stargates and wormholes.
So, when we look at this
ascension art, this, I propose,
is exactly what
we're looking at.
We are talking about Jesus as
a member of a tribe of beings
who have this
extraordinary capability,
and they wish for
us to join them.
So in my opinion, when we're
looking at this ascension
scene of Jesus ascending into
the heavens in a winged ring,
and we compare it
with the Mayan image
of the center of
the galaxy opening
and the umbilical cord, the
serpent rope, the wormhole,
descending into the
Earth realm, we're
actually talking about
exactly the same story.
And, if traditions such as
the Mormons are correct,
then Jesus and Quetzalcoatl
are actually, if not
the same person,
certainly a member
of the same tribe of beings.
And this then fully illuminates
the Russian depictions
from the 14th Century of the
Last Judgment, in which we
see this strange serpent
emanating from the earth plane,
going into the Heavenly realms.
But what we now know is
that that is actually
a two way transportation system.
It's a cosmic tunnel
system that modern science
calls a wormhole.
The original
inspiration for this
might actually be this depiction
here from Torcello in Italy,
where we see Jesus
enthroned within an egg
and we see this umbilical cord,
called a ribbon of hellfire
in the Christian
tradition, emanating
from the center of this throne
and coming into the Earth
plane.
Could this in fact be a
stargate or a wormhole
when we see Jesus enthroned
here in the concentric rings,
with this vibrant
fire all around him,
these rays of light, and
the umbilical cord emanating
from those concentric rings?
Are we in fact looking at
a stargate or a wormhole?
I believe we are.
And as I said a
moment ago, I further
believe that ancient Egypt
is the original source
for this imagery.
Look at this pyramidion
from the Cairo Museum
that portrays the
ascension of Osiris,
the Egyptian god
of resurrection.
Osiris is portrayed
inside of a chamber that
is called the [? shetiyet ?]
or the ascension chamber.
It was within the
ascension chamber
that Osiris was
transformed from a mortal
being into a light being.
Are we here again talking about
some kind of a transportation
portal or the entrance
to that portal?
I believe that's exactly
what we're looking at.
Here's another example,
also from the Cairo Museum,
where we see Osiris
as Sokar, another form
of the resurrected Osiris.
We see two priestesses on
either side of this portal,
or this gateway.
They are beaming energy to him
or receiving energy from him.
Either way, they are assisting
him in his ascension.
He is preparing to embark
upon his journey on the ship
or the ark of the
millions of years.
Now let's compare the
ancient Egyptian image
with this [? bozze ?] from
Saint Paul's Cathedral
in London from the 18th Century.
We see Jesus emerging from
a radiant gateway, a portal,
that is flanked by two angels.
Jesus is lit up in light.
He has become a
light being, and he's
either stepping
into that gateway
or exiting through that
gateway into the higher realms.
There's no question in my
mind that the original source
for this imagery is the
ancient Egyptian image
of Osiris in the
ascension portal.
I feel that what's
happening here
is that we're seeing an
updating of the ancient Egyptian
tradition in the
Christian tradition.
But today we're taking this
imagery one step forward.
Modern science and
science fiction talks
about the concept of the
stargate, the ring or gateway
that we can enter
into and travel
to distant star
systems-- or perhaps even
to distant galaxies.
And the symbol for the
stargate is the circular ring
or gateway.
When we take the image of
the ring or the gateway
and apply it to the Tibetan
image of the rainbow body,
we can see clearly that what
we're talking about here
is the Tibetans
transforming their bodies
into a beam of
light, and then being
able to access these gateways.
In fact, this is what
this couple told me
they believe is happening is
that when the Tibetans achieve
the rainbow body,
they literally turn
their body into a
wormhole, and then
are able to travel to
these distant star systems.
So it's more than
just fascinating
to compare the Christian images
of Jesus on his rainbow throne
with the Tibetan
images, because we're
talking about the same thing.
We're talking about Jesus as a
mortal being who turned himself
into a being of light and
ascended into the heavens
and will return the
same way he left.
What if we're talking about
him leaving and returning
through a stargate
or a wormhole?
I believe that that's exactly
what we're talking about.
And our times is
the time when we're
going to see this manifest.
So here again,
another Tibetan image
of the being who's
achieved the rainbow body.
Notice the ring
surrounding his body.
Is that a symbol of the
stargate or wormhole
that he has opened
through his body?
I think that's exactly what
we're talking about here.
Another image.
Here we see the
rainbow body being
with the gateway
surrounding his body.
Again, the stargate is
indicated in this artwork.
Over and over
again, the Tibetans
tell us that the human body
is an intermediate form.
We are meant to
transform ourselves
into a next level being to
achieve the rainbow body.
The Christian tradition calls
it the Resurrection body
or the glory body, and
we're assured that we all
have the capability
of manifesting
this body in the
Tibetan tradition.
In fact, the Tibetans
believe that just
seeing these revered
images, these sacred images,
speaks to us at a very
deep level, which tells us
that this is one way we begin
to connect with our rainbow
body, our glory body, our
Resurrection body is simply
by connecting with this
extraordinary artwork.
What I've been doing is
comparing the Tibetan images
of the rainbow body with
the Christian images
of the resurrected Jesus, who
is portrayed either on a rainbow
or in a rainbow.
Here we see the Tibetan
Lama in the rainbow ring
compared with Jesus
as a Christ angel
in a painting by the
Renaissance artist Giotto.
You can see they're
a perfect match.
Jesus is the winged angel
who is in the rainbow ring.
And within the rainbow ring
is additional concentric rings
that are filled with stars.
In my opinion, we're looking
at a stargate or a wormhole.
Jesus is the resurrected
being, the rainbow body being,
who is traveling through
that stargate or wormhole.
It's an extraordinary
possibility
that we're talking about here,
this matching of the Christian
and the Tibetan tradition,
because they both
tell us the same
thing, that we are
in the process of
morphing or transforming
into these higher beings.
And in this case we're
talking about making
this transformation happen by
beginning to study this artwork
and to connect with our
rainbow body in this way.
So I believe that
what we're looking
at what we see the
rainbow ring is
in fact the stargate
or the wormhole.
We're talking about an
interstellar transportation
system that these
advanced beings utilize.
And modern science
is now beginning
to catch up with this
ancient tradition.
So when I see Jesus in his
Resurrection body or his glory
body is shown here
in this painting
by William Holman Hunt, I know
that what's happening here
is he has transformed
himself into a being of light
and is now capable of accessing
the stargates or wormholes that
permeate the galaxy.
What we're seeing here is
the Tibetan rainbow body
next to Jesus and his glory
body in a stained glass
that's in the Knights Templar
chapel at the George Washington
Freemasonic Memorial
in Washington DC.
We see the clear
correspondence between Jesus
manifesting this glory
body or rainbow body
and how it matches with
the Tibetan tradition.
Now, let's go back
and match these images
with those of the seraphim.
Remember the seraphim.
Look at their bodies now.
Remember their
vortex shaped bodies
and how they appeared to
be swirling energy beings.
Now let's compare those swirling
vortex bodies of the seraphim
with the swirling bodies of the
Tibetan rainbow body tradition.
We have a perfect match.
What I'm proposing to
you is that the seraphim
and the beings who've
achieved the rainbow body
are in fact the same beings.
The seraph being, the beings
of pure light and pure love,
are in fact beings
who have manifested
the next level of human
manifestation, the rainbow
body.
And the reason why
the Tibetan artwork
and the Judeo-Christian
artwork of the seraphim match
is because they are in
fact the same beings.
Furthermore, I'm
asking you to consider
that the reason why Jesus
is portrayed in the rainbow
is because he too has
achieved the rainbow
body, or the Resurrection body.
There's an extraordinary
story about a figure named
Enoch in the Old Testament
times that explicitly describes
the transformation
of a human, which
blurs the boundaries between
human and angelic existence.
And the Lord said to Michael,
take Enoch and strip him
of his earthly garments, and
anoint him with the holy oil,
and clothe him in
garments of glory.
And Michael stripped
me of my garments,
and anointed me with the holy
oil, and I looked at myself
and I was one of
the glorious ones,
and there was no difference.
This story is explicitly
describing this transformation
of Enoch into one of these
radiant shining beings.
I believe he's talking
about his transformation
into the rainbow body, just
like what Jesus achieved
through his crucifixion
and glorification.
We're talking about the
possibility that each of us
have to transform
into these beings.
And what my work
has been about is
collecting this artwork
and imagery that
shows this transformation,
especially how it relates
to the idea of the
stargate or wormhole,
and how we all have the
capability of manifesting
this light body, or
this rainbow body.
In fact, that is the
very basis for all
of myth and sacred tradition.
We have it within us.
What we need to do is
to begin to activate it.
It's fascinating that
some compare Enoch
to Elijah, who ascended
into the heavens
in a whirlwind that
encircled his body.
According to the Zohar,
a Jewish sacred text,
Enoch radiates the divine
Shekhina, the divine rainbow.
It's apparent to us that
the transformation of Enoch
into his shining body,
or his radiant body,
is a story of him
achieving the rainbow body.
Furthermore, Enoch is
another model for us
for achieving this
transformation.
And in the story of
Enoch, he is given
a crown resembling
the crown worn by God.
A heavenly herald proclaims
that from then on his name
would no longer be
Enoch but Metatron.
God then wrote the mystical
secrets of creation
on Enoch's crown.
"Immense energy,
beautiful sparks,
and fire emanated from
him," says 3 Enoch
His material body turned
into celestial fire.
Flesh, veins, bones,
all metamorphosed
into glorious flame.
He became a seraphim.
The reason why Enoch's
story is so important
is because earlier we
mentioned the Mormon belief
that the center of
our Milky Way galaxy
is inhabited by perfected
humans, righteous humans.
In fact, it was
the city of Enoch
was translated from Earth
into the heavenly realms.
And in my view,
what they're telling
us is that this is
a group of beings
who have achieved the great
perfection, the rainbow body,
and were therefore translated to
the center of the galaxy, where
they may be presently
still dwell.
They became seraphs or
rainbow body beings,
and it is they will
be returning in 2012.
I'd like to talk for a moment
about the Maya symbolism
of 2012.
What we're looking at here
is a Mixtec or Mayan diagram
of the sacred tree, which is how
the Mayans viewed our alignment
with the center of
our Milky Way galaxy.
What we see are two priests
on either side of this tree.
Their hands are extended,
because they're beaming energy
to it or receiving
energy from it.
Remember, this is an
energetic alignment
with the center of the galaxy.
The sacred tree is shaped like
a T, and it's topped by a bird.
This is important
Mayan symbolism,
because what they tell us
is that this sacred tree,
this t-shaped tree
actually represents
the Holy Spirit,
which they called Ik,
meaning the spirit,
the breath, the life.
And the idea is that
this alignment is in fact
an infusion of this
higher vibrational
energy, this Holy Spirit.
Furthermore, the Mayans tell
us that this t-shaped tree also
represents a portal or a
gateway into other dimensions.
So when we add to all of this
together, what it's telling
us is that our alignment
with the center of the galaxy
is an infusion of this higher
vibrational sacred energy,
and it is also the opening
of a portal or a gateway
into the center of the galaxy.
This is important to
us because-- let's
establish we put a
tree on the table
here in terms of
our conversation.
What the Mayans say is
going to happen in 2012
is that the center of
the galaxy will open,
and from out of that opening
in the galactic center
will emerge what they described
as a serpent rope, shown here,
portrayed almost like an
umbilical cord of sorts.
Riding upon this serpent
rope is the figure
the Mayans called Quetzalcoatl,
who is the Mayan savior.
And this is the whole Maya
2012 prophecy in a nutshell
here, that the center
of the galaxy will open,
and from out of it will
come this umbilical cord,
and riding upon it is the
Mayan savior Quetzalcoatl.
What my friend and
colleague John Major Jenkins
did-- who is a noted
Mayan scholar--
is he took out the archaic
Mayan term serpent rope
and inserted a modern
word, wormhole,
and came to this question
that, hey, maybe what we're
talking about here for
the Maya 2012 prophecy
is the opening of a
stargate or a wormhole
from the center of the galaxy.
A cosmic transportation system.
And emerging from that will
be this Mayan savior figure,
Quetzalcoatl.
I think that's an
extraordinary possibility,
and when we begin to look
out into our culture,
look into our civilization,
we find movies,
we find television
shows, we even
find commercials showing us
this idea of the stargate
or wormhole and
how it is affecting
our consciousness at this time.
What we're looking at
here is a comparison
of the Maya diagram of the
center of the galaxy opening
and Quetzalcoatl emerging with
a painting by a Buddhist painter
named Kano Hogai,
who shows the goddess
Quan Yin, who also corresponds
with the center of the galaxy,
holding a rod or a
wand in her hand.
Attached to that rod
or wand is a string,
and at the end of the string
is a golden glowing orb
with a baby soul
inside the golden orb.
We notice that there's
an umbilical cord that
wraps around that baby.
As we follow the
path of that cord
we see that it goes to a
craggy, rocky area, which
Kano Hogai says
represents Earth.
Here is a perfect correspondence
between the Maya concept
of the center of the galaxy
opening, a serpent rope
or umbilical cord emerging
as a transportation
system for Quetzalcoatl and a
Buddhist depiction of a baby
soul emerging from the
center of the galaxy
and riding a similar
umbilical cord to Earth.
It's an extraordinary
correspondence
that we're talking
about here, and tells us
that perhaps both
of these traditions
have a shared
tradition of our souls
originating in the center
of the galaxy and from time
to time it opening up and
special figures emerging.
For the moment, I want you to
compare, or perhaps contrast,
the Maya idea of 2012 with what
we find in Christian end time
prophecy.
If you go in the
Book of Revelation
and look up Chapter
20 Verse 12, you
find that that is Judgment
Day in the Christian prophetic
tradition.
That is the end of
the world as far
as Christian prophecy
is concerned.
This is the time when they
see the second coming of Jesus
occurring.
If you've ever wondered if
God has a sense of humor,
here is your
evidence right here.
For how is it that the Maya
end time prophecy which
ends in 2012 so perfectly
corresponds to Revelation
20:12, the Christian
end time prophecy?
That's a remarkable
synchronicity or coincidence
in my view.
And when you actually
read Revelation 20:12,
you find some
astonishing things.
It says, "I saw the
dead, great and small,
stand before the throne,
and the books were opened,
and another book was opened,
which is the book of life.
And the dead were judged
out of those things which
were written in the books
according to their works."
What are we talking about here?
Let's break down this
statement, this prophecy.
First of all, let's
think about where
is the throne of God located.
One of the things
that we're asked
to consider by these
ancient traditions
is that our Milky Way galaxy
was thought of as the temple.
So any time you're in myth
or in sacred traditions
and you see the word temple,
you can, according to them,
insert the word galaxy,
and you have another layer
of interpretation
of this symbolism.
And this is why this
is so interesting,
because the Maya
over 1,000 years ago
said that in
December 21, 2012, we
would be aligned in a special
way, a rare and special way,
with the center of the galaxy.
With the throne of
Revelation 20:12?
That's what we're asking
you to think about here,
and it's an incredible
possibility.
So what Revelation 20:12 is
saying is that at that time
the dead, great and small, will
be standing before the throne.
So then the question becomes,
well, who are the dead?
Well the answer is, that's us.
Because in this
tradition, we are not
considered to be fully living.
We are not in our
fully ascended state.
We're not fully
flowered human beings.
We haven't actually exceeded
or achieved our full potential.
The way I like to view it is
that within our spinal cord
system, our nervous
system, we all have what
are called the chakras.
They're referred to as
the stairway to heaven.
We count them 1,
2, 3, 4, 5 6, 7,
and we finish the
children's song.
All good children go to Heaven.
The idea is that
we want to awaken
and these energy
centers and fully
activate them so that we
become a fully functioning
human being.
But the problem is, our culture
keeps us often living down
at the lower chakras, at the
base level, beneath the spine.
Focused on fear,
focused on worry,
focused on some of the baser
or mundane issues of our life,
when what we're
challenged to do is
to live beyond the
level of the heart.
The way we can think
about this as that really
none of our elevators
go to the top.
It's like we all get stuck
somewhere up in here,
and none of us is a fully
functioning human being.
Another way of looking
at this is that we all
have in our spinal cord
system this system of chakras
as they can be
viewed as a candle.
Our spinal cord system is
the candle, our pineal gland,
the seat of our soul in
the center of our brain
is considered to be
the wick of the candle,
but the problem is none
of our candles are lit.
And that's part of the
challenge of our time
is to learn to activate
these higher energy
centers, to light our candle.
Because the idea is that if
I can awaken my consciousness
in this way, then
I can turn to you
and help you to awaken yours,
and you can help and awaken
the next person,
and on and on we go.
That's what we're trying to
make happen at this time.
So in a way, we are the
dead who are standing
before the throne seeking
to awaken our consciousness,
to become fully
functioning human beings.
Our galaxy is the temple.
The center of the
galaxy is the throne.
And we are presently
experiencing
this rare alignment with
the center of the galaxy.
When you research the ancient
mystical and sacred traditions,
you find out that
they knew a lot
about the center of
our Milky Way galaxy.
In fact, if you read
the Book of Hebrews
it says, "You have come to
Sion, to the heavenly Jerusalem,
the city of the living God.
You have come to
thousands upon thousands
of angels in joyful assembly."
What we take from this is
that Sion, which means peace,
was the name of the
center of the Milky Way
galaxy in the
Judeo-Christian tradition.
This is an extraordinary
possibility for us to explore,
because when you go
into Christian art,
you begin to see some
extraordinary examples
of figures such as
Jesus enthroned in Sion.
And this is what
we're asking you
to consider here is that the
center of the galaxy is Sion,
and this is the place
where the enthroned Jesus,
the enthroned Christ, dwells.
So what do we see
in Christian art
when we see the enthroned Jesus?
Well, what we see is him
sitting on a rainbow,
surrounded by heavenly beings.
In this painting here,
we see Sion represented
in the heavenly realms,
and then down below we
see the earthly realm, which
is portrayed as chaotic,
in fact, a very
frightening place.
And the idea is that we're
down here in the earthly realms
and all the good
stuff we want is
up here in the heavenly realms.
And what we've
got to do is learn
to climb that stairway to
heaven in order to enter Sion
and to more powerfully
feel the light of Sion.
Looking at other
examples of Christian art
that portray the
enthroned Jesus,
we see that he's always
accompanied by that rainbow,
and accompanied by these
higher heavenly beings.
And so when we started to
really grasp this concept here,
we raise a question.
Well, how do we get
from Earth to Sion?
And the idea expressed
by the ancients
is that we get there by
traveling through gateways.
And that's what we're going to
talk about in this section here
is how we are able to
open gateways from Earth
and travel to Sion.
I should mention here
that the Mormons have deep
seated beliefs about the
center of our Milky Way galaxy,
going back into the 1800s,
when we didn't even know--
or at least when
science didn't even
know-- there was
a galactic center.
We didn't even know we lived
within a galaxy at this time,
but yet the Mormon belief says
that God's home planet, which
they called Kolob, is at the
center of our galaxy, which
all the other
stars in our galaxy
rotate around, something that
scientists have validated
within the past 10 years.
The Mormons teach that the
city of Enoch was raised--
or the term they used
is translated-- to Kolob
because the citizens
attained perfection.
Now this is an
extraordinary teaching,
because it says that
the people of Kolob
are actually what they refer
to as righteous humans,
humans who have achieved
the highest human potential.
And because of this, they are
literally taken, translated,
transported from Earth to
the center of the galaxy.
And the Mormons teach
they still live there.
I believe that Kolob and
Sion are the same place,
because the city of Enoch
was also called Sion.
And it's possible,
at least according
to Mormon belief, that those
people are still there.
They're ascended
humans who dwell
at the center of
the galaxy, and they
may be among the people who will
be returning in the post 2012
period.
So, let's look at the
Christian perspective
about these perfected
or righteous beings.
Christians believe
that in the end times,
Revelation 20:12, the
entire human body of Christ
will be changed to match
the exalted state of Christ
as he is portrayed
in his kingdom.
This is called mystic
rapture, and the belief
is that in the
twinkling of an eye,
our bodies are suddenly going
to be changed or transformed
into a higher state, a finer
state, a perfected state.
So how will we know when we
have achieved that state?
Well, coming back
to Christian art,
we are given examples of
how Christ is portrayed
in his exalted state
in his kingdom.
And again, we will match Christ,
his frequency, his vibration,
in this state.
So what we see here
is John the Revelator
opening a hole in
heaven and peering
into the throne of Christ.
And what we see is Jesus
enthroned on his throne,
perhaps in the
center of the galaxy,
and we notice that he is
surrounded by rainbows.
This is the traditional
way that Christians portray
the enthroned Christ and
therefore how they portray
the throne of perhaps
the center of our galaxy.
So let's look at a
couple examples here
of the enthroned Christ as
he is portrayed on a rainbow.
Sometimes we see
half the rainbow,
but we are assured
that it's actually
a 360 degree rainbow,
a full circle.
So he's on the rainbow
in his higher state,
in his higher vibration,
enfolded within the rainbow.
What I started noticing is that
the way Christianity portrays
Jesus on the throne has
a dramatic connection
to some other sacred traditions
of the world as well.
And once again as we
look at this painting
we are seeing Jesus
enthroned, and we
are down here on
the earthly realm
trying to make that journey from
Earth into the heavenly realms.
Let's look at this
NASA image for a moment
about the center of
our Milky Way galaxy.
This is a 400 by 900 light year
mosaic of several Chandra x-ray
images of the central
region of our Milky Way,
the holy of holies, the place
where the throne is located.
And what we see
is that NASA here
is showing the center
of the Milky Way galaxy
in the colors red,
green, and blue.
These are the colors
of the rainbow.
Now this could be a
simple coincidence
that the center of our
galaxy appears like a rainbow
and so does the
throne of Christ,
or it could be further evidence
that we're being shown here
that we're on the right track.
That the throne
that we're seeking,
the throne that we're
seeking to connect with
is in fact the rainbow throne
at the center of our galaxy.
What we're looking at
here is another NASA image
of a black hole
similar to the one
at the center of our galaxy,
spilling a kaleidoscope
of color-- red, orange, yellow,
green, blue, and purple.
This idea of our galaxy opening
and a higher dimensional being,
a higher vibrational being,
traveling back and forth
from the center of
the galaxy to earth
is not original to the Mayans.
In fact, the
Judeo-Christian tradition
talks about it as well.
In the 14th Century,
Russian icon makers
were suddenly inspired to start
portraying these last judgment
scenes.
And what they show is the
earthly realm at the lower
zone of this painting
and connecting Earth
with the throne of
God is a serpent
that we see traveling
upwards along a central axis.
Where did the Russians
get this idea?
Nobody knows for sure,
but what they tell us
in their writings
about this serpent that
connects Earth and
Heaven is that it
has 21 toll booths
along the way.
Are these are some kind of
intermediate star stations
or way stations
along the way that
link Earth with the
center of the galaxy?
How else are we supposed to
interpret such symbolism?
The fact is that the
Judeo-Christian tradition
of the last judgment,
Revelation 20:12,
perfectly matches
in its iconography
with the Maya tradition of
what I call stargate 2012.
So let's talk about connecting
with the light of Sion.
Earlier I talked
about how the ancients
had a Milky Way
based metaphysics.
When we go into the Talmud
we read, she, the Milky Way,
was the spirit of God that
hovered over the water
like a dove.
And as we look at this
image of the Milky Way
we see the body of the bird in
the center, the galactic core,
with the wings of the bird
symbolized or being represented
by the wings of the galaxy.
In the Talmud, it
further says she
spread her wings over her young.
So if the galaxy is the spirit
we're talking about here,
then her young would be
all the stars and planets
within the Milky Way galaxy.
So what I encourage you
to do is when we go back
and take a look at
Christian art and we
see depictions such as
the Annunciation of Mary,
when the Holy
Spirit descends, we
see the dove representing
the Holy Spirit
and we see it hovering
just above Mary's head.
In these depictions Mary is
indicated as an ascended being,
as a highly trained initiate.
We know this because she
has a nimbus or a halo
around her head and the
dove is within that halo.
We are seeing here Mary's
alignment or attunement
with the cosmic energies coming
from the center of the galaxy
and being symbolized
here by the dove.
The same thing happened
at the baptism of Jesus
by John the Baptist.
We see John and Jesus
and the River Jordan.
We see the dove descending
from the cosmic realms.
We see the dove within
the rainbow ring.
We also notice that there is an
angel standing beside Jesus who
has a cloak in her hand,
who is prepared to hand
that cloak to Jesus.
We're going to look at
that cloak in a moment.
But first, let's just
follow the descent
of the dove in these
various Christian depictions
here, because what we are
seeing is a representation
of the light of Sion
descending from the cosmos
into the earth plane.
Here the heavens
are tearing open.
We see a beam of light,
almost like a laser beam,
descended from that
tear in Heaven.
The beam of light
is traced directly
into the open crown
chakra of Mary.
Once again we see the dove.
It's lit up, it's radiant.
We see the beam of
light, and we see
it descending right into a
jewel on top of Mary's head.
This indicates that she has
attained higher awareness.
She has opened up her higher
energy centers, her higher
cosmic awareness,
her crown chakra,
and is prepared to receive
these energies from Sion.
Here we see the
archangel Gabriel, also
with the jewel on
his forehead, and we
notice as we look at Gabriel
that the feather coming
from that jewel is shaped
sort of like a serpent.
What we have here actually
is a feathered serpent.
That again is the
name of Quetzalcoatl,
the feathered serpent,
or the seraph.
And of course, we learn
that Gabriel is in fact
a seraph in the
Judeo-Christian tradition.
Here's another
depiction of the descent
of the dove, this cosmic
energy from the galaxy.
We see it spewing energy into
Mary's awakened consciousness.
We see the concentric
rings surrounding
her symbolizing a gateway.
We see something similar here
in this Annunciation scene
from the Pantheon in Rome.
The dove descends.
It's a radiant dove.
Its conducted by Gabriel, who
has a rod or wand in her hand.
She's portrayed as a male
sometimes, other times
as a female.
And she is conducting that
cosmic energy, once again,
into the awakened
consciousness of Mary.
But now note in
this instance she
is enfolded within
a rainbow halo,
an aura of rainbow
colored light.
To me, this is telling
us that she is actually
receiving this
higher energy, and it
is helping her to
achieve the rainbow body.
We see the exact same thing
here in this Annunciation scene.
Gabriel with the rod or wand
conducting the cosmic energy
into the awakened
consciousness of Mary,
symbolized by the
concentric rings,
again in a rainbow color.
She is attuning herself
with these higher energies
of the cosmos, and
it is helping her
to achieve the rainbow
body or human perfection.
What is actually
happening here is
that Gabriel is conducting
this cosmic energy
into the pineal gland of Mary.
We talked earlier
about the chakras.
We counted them.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, all
good children go to Heaven.
The sixth chakra, also
called the third eye,
symbolizes the
pineal gland, and it
is the pineal gland
that is the receptor
for these cosmic energies.
This is a photograph from
an electron microscope
of the calcite micro crystals
in the human pineal gland.
What most people don't know
is that our pineal gland which
is called the seat of
the soul and is located
in the center of
our brain is dotted
with crystalline geometry.
It is actually a
wireless transmitter.
It is actually the
cell phone industry
that is doing the most
intensive research right now
on the human pineal gland,
because they know ultimately
our cellphones will be
taken out of our hands
and will be put
inside of our body,
specifically inside
our pineal gland,
utilizing the calcite
micro crystals as tuners
for cellphone communication.
Is it possible that
the ancients already
knew about the secrets
of the pineal gland
and its ability to
receive, perhaps,
off-world transmissions,
even those coming
from the center of
the Milky Way galaxy?
I believe that that's
exactly what they knew,
and this is why in
instance after instance
of this Judeo-Christian
art, we see figures being
attuned with cosmic
energies and that energy
is being specifically
directed towards
the awakened consciousness and
specifically the pineal gland.
This extraordinary painting is
by [? Meran ?] [? Seralian ?]
and it's called The
Opening of the Third Eye.
It shows the head of Minerva,
the goddess of ancient Rome
who's equivalent to
the Greek goddess
Athena, the goddess of wisdom.
And what it shows in part is the
activities of the pineal gland
and the pituitary
body at the time
of the opening of the third eye.
The spiritual energy, the
Kundalini fire, the sacred fire
is seen rising upward
through the spinal canal
in the shape of a dove.
The pineal is shown
radiating a blue aura.
This is exactly what
would be happening
inside the skull or the brain
of Mary in these Annunciation
scenes where she is
receiving the higher
energies of the cosmos.
She is activating the
latent capabilities
of her pineal gland and
is now able to operate
at a much higher level
as a human being.
This idea of the
galactic core being
the source of these
energies was well
known to the ancients,
especially the Greeks
and the Egyptians.
In fact, the Greeks said the
rainbow symbolized the goddess
Iris, the source of the waters
on high, the mother of love.
That's the Milky Way to
the ancient Egyptians,
who called her Isis.
Like the part of
the named after her,
Iris was the core or the virgin.
So in this depiction from
the National Cathedral
in Washington DC, we see the
eye above radiating the rainbow
light, and we see Jesus
meditating on the Trinity.
In my view, what
it's portraying is
Jesus' alignment with
the energies coming
from the center of
the Milky Way galaxy,
and it represents his
awakening consciousness.
If the galaxy is in
fact the all-seeing eye,
it gives new life to
interpretations of such symbols
as the Great Seal of
the United States,
the all-seeing eye on the
back of the one dollar bill,
on the Great Seal
of the United States
could in fact represent the
center of our Milky Way galaxy
and the radiant eye is
the eye of illumination,
the eye of awakened
consciousness
and it is apprehended
by those who
understand that the
symbolism actually
represents the Milky Way's core.
I recently heard Alex
Jones say, the war
for human liberty against
total dehumanization is on now,
and what we are facing
is a complete disaster
if we are in fact dehumanized.
Part of what he's talking about
is the march of technology
to transform us into cyborgs,
to take our technology
and put it underneath our skin.
But in fact the ancients
knew a lot about liberty,
and they talked
about true liberty
as being a time when we
connect with cosmic energy
or cosmic power that
the Gnostics called
exousia, which means the power.
Exousia is a Greek word
that means the power,
it means jurisdiction, liberty,
capacity, and strength.
And in the
Judeo-Christian tradition,
true power was symbolized
by a robe or a garment
of light that was called
the robe of glory,
the seamless garment,
the garment of light,
or the term I prefer,
the beaming garment.
This is the garment
that was worn by Jesus
and demonstrated by him at
the Transfiguration, when
he took several disciples
up to the top of a mountain
and pulled back his skin
and revealed himself
as a being of light.
How did Jesus get this cosmic
power, this beaming garment,
this garment of light?
The answer is he received
it at the baptism
by John the Baptist.
As the Book of Mark says, "It
came to pass in those days
that Jesus came from
Nazareth of Galilee
and was baptized
of John in Jordan.
And straight away coming
up out of the water,
he saw the heavens torn
open and the spirit
like a dove
descending upon him."
Here again we're talking about a
story in which the heavens open
and a cosmic vibration
symbolized by the dove
descends.
As a result of
the baptism, Jesus
is given his beaming
garment or his garment
of light, which is what
we see in the hands
of the angel at the baptism.
The thing about
this beaming garment
is that we discover as we
follow its myths and lore
and tradition is that it's
likely, A, that the energy
for it came from the center
of the Milky Way galaxy
and, B, this energy, this
vibration of true liberty
is in fact transmittable.
That's right.
The beating garment,
the robe of glory,
is a transmittable garment.
It can be given from one
person to another person,
and this is what
we see happening
in the Transfiguration.
As I researched the history
of the beaming garment,
I follow the path of Jesus
up the mount of Tabor,
the mount of transfiguration.
The disciples, we see them here
at the base of the mountain,
they're terrified.
They're in great pain.
They're like many of
the people that we
know in this world today who
are looking for something more,
but don't know quite
how to achieve it.
So Jesus takes the disciples
up to the mountain,
and reveals himself as
this beam being of light.
He puts on the beaming garment.
And what we notice
in these depictions
is that behind him
is an open gateway.
Let's talk for a
moment about how
this garment is transmitted.
In ancient Iran,
the beaming garment
was said to come
from Vahu Mano, who
is a conductor of the souls
of the righteous men to Ahura
Mazda, the high god
of the Zoroastrians.
Vahu Mano introduces the soul to
Ahura Mazda, the god of light.
He is a helper, a
companion, and a guide.
It is at this
meeting that the soul
is invested with a
white and pure garment.
The Indo-Iranian concept
of the garment of light
was taken up by Christians
in the Gnostic tradition
and referred to as
the beaming garment.
This companion that gives
us the beaming garment
is the same companion that
stays in the galactic center
according to the
Gnostic tradition.
And taking us back to
Thomas Cole's painting
where we see the
baby soul on its boat
emerging from the source place
with the messenger of light,
we see that that is the
source of this garment.
So maybe in a way
John the Baptist
is fulfilling the role
of Jesus' higher self.
He is attuning him to
these higher vibrations
of the center of the galaxy.
The angel waits to give him
his beaming garment or garment
of light.
In these depictions of
the Transfiguration,
we see that Jesus is a
radiant or star being.
His body has turned to
light, and behind him
is this open gateway.
As I look at this
imagery and compare it
with what we saw earlier, I'm
thinking that what we're seeing
is he's opening up a
stargate or a wormhole.
As I mentioned, at
the Transfiguration
the disciples are terrified.
While Jesus spoke with
them a bright cloud
cast a shadow over them.
God spoke from the
cloud, and terrified
the disciples fell
prostrate, but Jesus
came and touch
their souls, saying,
rise, and do not be afraid.
Rise, and do not be afraid.
That is the message
of our times.
It is time for us to raise our
vibration, to overcome fear,
and to seek our higher self.
It is time for us to
seek our higher self,
to rise and not be afraid, to
put on that beaming garment,
and to open that
gateway to ourselves.
Early Christians were
actually divine alchemists
who believed that the human body
could be transmuted into light,
and they adopted the
concept that the panel
icons such as these that
we've just been looking at
were actually portals or
gateways into the higher
dimensional realms.
They were taught the icons
were literally mirrors,
and that by meditating with
these panel icons of Jesus
and the Transfiguration, they
believed that our body would
begin to mirror what is
happening in Jesus' body.
So in other words, just by
contemplating, meditating
on it, and reflecting
upon what is happening
in the Transfiguration,
our body begins
to mirror what Jesus
is experiencing.
This is an extraordinary
spiritual technology
that we're talking about here,
and is a very key way for us
to begin to engage in this
energy and to connect with it.
It's so simple.
All we need to do is
contemplate, meditate,
and reflect on the icons
of Transfiguration,
and our body begins to come
alive with this energy.
And what I'm
suggesting is that you
begin to incorporate these
images into your daily routine.
To place them around you in
your home or your office as
triggers, as memory
icons for you,
so that you begin to
connect with this energy
and begin to bring
it alive within you.
And as you connect
with the energy,
you too will be doing, what
Jesus is doing here, opening
the gate full of stars, the
stargate that leads to Sion,
the gate to the other
dimensional realm.
And with this energy flowing
through your body and the gate
opened, you begin to more and
more reflect your higher self.
You begin to live a life filled
with more love as opposed
to fear.
That is the premise
of soul rising, that
is the premise of engaging
with the light of Sion.
It's what we're all called
upon to do at this time
and all of us can do it.
What we're talking about here
ultimately is how we ascend.
And ascension
doesn't necessarily
have to do with dying.
Ascension has to do with
raising the soul's vibration,
embracing its highest light
and its highest potentials.
One of my favorite
paintings of ascension
is by Hieronymus Bosch,
the Flanders painter who
lived in Italy and was given
the teachings of the Cathars
of Southern France, the pure
ones who claimed that they
possessed the secret esoteric
teachings of Jesus and Mary
Magdalene.
And in his paintings,
Bosch shows for us
the process of ascension.
Here he's showing the
Cathar soul, the pure soul,
rising from the earthly
plane, rising out
of the realm of fear,
up into the gateway,
the light that leads into Sion.
A name for this gateway
or this pillar that
is shown in these
paintings is Tzadik.
It's one of the ancient
Hebrew names for this pillar,
and it means righteousness.
The idea is that when the
righteous souls in our world,
those focused on love and
who have overcome fear, act
righteously, then this pillar
linking Earth with Sion
is strengthened.
But if not, the
pillar is weakened.
The soul, if found worthy,
ascends this column of light
and is given a pass
through the gate to Sion.
The Jewish Kabbalists tell us
that the faithful and elect
do not practice for themselves
alone, but for the sake
of Heaven, for the sake of Sion.
So as we raise our
soul's vibration,
we raise the souls
of all of humanity,
the world, and everything in it.
And that is the
promise of our time
is that if enough righteous
souls gather together,
we can strengthen this pillar,
this gate, this stargate
to Sion, and keep it open for
all the souls of this planet.
Hieronymus Bosch
paints it for us
in his wonderful painting
called Saint Jerome Praying.
In the center of
the painting, we
see Jerome praying before a
traditional Catholic image
of the crucifix.
But then down in the
lower left hand corner,
he shows us the column of
glory, the column of Christ,
the Christ column, or the
pillar of righteousness.
And in this column, we
see the perfected soul
rising through a gate of stars.
This looks just like what
Gene Roddenberry invented
in the series "Star Trek,"
when he talks about beaming.
Hence the term the
beaming garment,
because when we put on
this garment of light,
we not only glow rays and
actually beam or radiate light,
but we also have the
capability of beaming,
teleportation transportation
through the stargate to Sion.
So here in this detail of
Hieronymus Bosch's painting
we see the pure soul rising
through a cylinder filled
with stars, a glassy
cylinder filled
with stars, through
several zones
into the higher
dimensional realms.
He is venturing through
the stargate to Sion
and makes it through
to the other side.
That is the hope of our time.
We can follow Jesus'
path, the path of love,
through the gateway to Sion.
And it begins by doing
something very simple.
It begins by overcoming
fear, by putting away
that fear, by connecting
with other souls
on the path of ascension,
raising their vibration
and recognizing that the
work we're doing on ourselves
is helping to raise the
vibration of all on our planet.
You belong to the race of
the perfect light humans.
It is our natural birthright .
It is who we are.
All we have to do is
remember who we are.
I would like to thank
you for watching.
And in closing,
I would just like
to ask you to put away the
fear, to raise your vibration,
because the work you're doing
on yourself is helping you,
but it's also helping
everyone in this world.
Remember, you are part
of the eternal race
of the perfect light humans.
That is who we are,
and this is a process
of remembering, and recalling,
and joining together
with all are on this path.
Use the artwork of
ascension on your path.
Its message is simple.
We can awaken these
abilities within us
just by looking at the art.
It's talking to us
at a very deep level,
and its message is simple.
You are doing the work now.
Thank you very
much for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]